---
title: "2022_08_22"
date: 2022-08-22T19:48:42+01:00
draft: false
tags: [rant, microsoft, linux]
---

Forget the moralising about freedoms, access to source code and the wielding of power over the innocent  gen-pop computer user [spouted by the likes of Richard Stallman and Co](https://www.fsf.org/windows) - **MICROSOFT WOULDN'T LET ME LOG INTO MY OWN FUCKING MINECRAFT SERVER THIS AFTERNOON SO THAT I COULD ENJOY MINING DIAMONDS WITH MY SON** and that makes them evil.

Because I reinstalled their shitty Microsoft Authenticator app on Android, I couldn't use their shitty 2FA to log in and when I tried to use a backup method (emailed code instead), and they told me I'd "requested too many codes, please *try again tomorrow*" the first time I tried it. Really, Microsoft??

The beauty of it was, when you reinstall the Authenticator app, you of course have to log in to use it - and then they require you to use the Authenticator app to obtain the 2FA code to be able to log in. 

#### Do I even need you, Microsoft?

This has led me to reconsider having a Microsoft account at all, but the rollcall of dependencies is long enough to fret about.

Although I barely use their shitty fucking software explicitly, thanks to their parasitic takeovers of previously morally and qualitatively good applications and services over the years (I'll use Minecraft and Github as examples), I would have to pause to consider the consequences.

Yet the very fact that I'm scared off of walking away... The level of vendor lock-in - that should be the reason to go, right there.

I keep Windows 11 around on a partition but only really for Ableton Live. Shameful.

Their sinister "philanthropist", [media-bribing](https://thegrayzone.com/2021/11/21/bill-gates-million-media-outlets-global-agenda/) co-founder.

Their cringworthy [appropriation of Linux](https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/windowsserver/2015/05/06/microsoft-loves-linux/).

Their [placement of ads](https://www.theverge.com/2022/3/15/22979251/microsoft-file-explorer-ads-windows-11-testing) in their shitty file browser.

I could go on, and I could go on about how unfuriatingly hard it is to format numbered lists in MS Word. Just die, Microsoft. Right now?

And... They're slowly ruining Minecraft. Everyone knows it. It's only a matter of time before they kill the Java edition and eradicate the very last remnants of Notch. I'm sceptical about Github, where most of my code lives. Copilot is a repugnant idea. I hate VS Code [but God does everyone bang on about it]. The Xbox gathers dust beneath the telly so that's easily killable...

I'd have to do a some careful dismantling but I am tempted. If I don't get back on Minecraft by tomorrow night...
